doc: Add info on importing from a private repo (#312)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: sp-docs/docs/rtd.rst

#. If your documentation is not on the root level but in a documentation folder, you must specify the path to the :file:`.readthedocs.yaml` file for your build.
   You do this by navigating to :guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Settings` and specifying the path under "Path for ``.readthedocs.yaml``".

> After this initial setup, your documentation should build successfully if your project came from a public repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this initial setup, your documentation should build successfully if your project is hosted from a public repository.
```

If you get any errors, check the build log for indications on what the problem is.

If your project was imported from a private repository, your initial build will fail because Read the Docs won't have access to clone the repository.

> You need to copy your project's private key from Read the Docs and add it as a deploy key to the repository, then re-run the build again in Read the Docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to copy your project's private key from Read the Docs and add it as a deploy key to the repository, then re-run the build in Read the Docs.
```
